Add ownership.md (#7)
voiio/voiio.github.io: duties.md

# Team duties

> This document is helpful to know what areas are covered by each team member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document details which areas are covered by each team member.
Besides overall transparency, this might come in handy in case of vacations or sickness.
```

## [Mostafa](https://github.com/mostafa-anm)

- first-level tech support (via Google Groups)
- tech meetups organization
- tech interviews

> - GA

Reviewer: This is to board, y'all responsible to track your own features. However, Mos is a knowledge bearer. Maybe we split those. That being said, Bianka will be responsible actually monitoring the data in GA4. We are probably more responsible for GTM.
